After all, it was us who caused her daughter’s death
Can’t we just ignore her?
It was her daughter’s fault
Who told her to witness something she shouldn’t have?
Oh right
That Ye Ci
She’ll be released next year
So when exactly will you divorce her?
Don’t worry
The moment she’s released
the divorce papers will be handed to her immediately
That’s good then
Alright
Such a wonderful time
Shouldn’t be wasted on anyone else
No matter when
No matter where
I will never
betray our marriage
We rushed into marriage registration
and didn’t even get to hold a wedding
Once you’re released
I’ll definitely throw you
a grand wedding
Welcome home, my little princess
So it turns out
seven years ago
you two were already having an affair
That little girl
must have caught you cheating
and that’s why she was brutally dealt with
I spent seven years
just to bring down you disgusting cheaters
and now you fall into—
and drag you into the law
You still owe a human life
So dusty